how are you I recognized you it's a
relief that when we finally meet she is
who she says she is and even more
beautiful than I imagined
sometimes I feel like I've been waiting
my whole life here we are our second
life is transposing to real life
I don't know if we're gonna be
interrupted here ah that was my husband
my name is Osman Falcone I am a content
creator with a second life I have a
housing company and I specialize in
high-end and extreme luxury as he has
not my alter ego
Ezri is me I call Second Life the best
and the worst thing that has ever
happened to me
it was after going four days straight
that the other things just weren't
important anymore my avatar is an 11
year old girl the fastest growing sites
on the Internet
second lights different than the game
because there isn't any goal everything
in it was created by the people who were
there I think it becomes a problem when
you ignore your first life she feels
alive and it feels like a real life
things are real because they're there
with us and we believe in them and if
their accumulated on a digital computer
it doesn't make any difference to us I'm
usually on my computer 15 to 20 hours a
day
that's why it's called the web because
you get stuck in it
the virtual world must contain some sort
of danger and risk and possibility of
pain or loss to be interesting when
order for me to live my real life she
needs to give up first
you